This is a multi-featured request. Read the readme and get a great sense of the project before answering. This project is not live yet, so you do not need to consider backwards compatibility - do not be afraid to suggest breaking changes or deleting code if it improves the project. if you're unsure about anything, ask for clarification before proceeding.

Currently the user is able to click on a button called "submissions", which brings up a modal with two views - "my submissions" and "winners". It's a calender-based view where the user can see their past submissions, and the winners for each day, respectively. They can click on a submission to see it in more detail - this is the "single submission view", and the component is the SubmissionDetailPage component. If they click on a day in the winners calendar, they first go to a page which shows the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd placed submissions, but if they click on one of those thumbnails they arrive at the SubmissionDetailPage. There's a slight variation depending on it it's their own submission or a winner's submission : in the user's own submission view, they get buttons to go to the next/previous submission in the calendar, whereas in the winner's submission view they don't. They also have the ability to download the submission as PNG or SVG, or copy a share link, whereas in the winner's submission view only the share button exists. The winner's view also shows the user's name. Currently the link for the user's own submission is like "/?view=submission&date=2026-01-08", whereas for a winner's submission it's like "/?view=submission&id=62073524-e704-4bef-baef-adfa243b84da", and the only way we differentiate between the user's own submission and another user's submission is whether there's a date param.

Some clarifications before proceeding:
- WHen a user presses "save creation" after making a daily challenge submission, they are given a choice to submit the art for the daily competition or just save it to their profile. 
- We need to define urls for all these different views.
- Two common denominator in case it's not clear:
  1) the user should never be able to see another user's submission unless that user has explicitly submitted the art for consideration in the daily challenge. If they just saved it to their profile without submitting it for the challenge, those submissions should not be visible to other users.
  2) the user should never be able to see submissions for the current day unless they have saved their art. We don't want them influenced by what other people have done. Once they have either saved their art and opted out of the competition, or saved and submitted art for the competition, they can see other people's submissions for the current day (including friends, wall of the day, and other user's profile views). The "wall of the day" view which shows the current day's submissions will be grayed out until the user has submitted something themselves. Friends' submissions and other user's profile views should show a message like "You have not saved or submitted art today, so you cannot see other user's submissions." This is only for the current day - past days' submissions are always visible.

# Social Features

## Wall of the day
- in the modal which is opened when you click the "submissions" button, add a third tab/view called "wall of the day" which shows all submissions for the current day's challenge in a grid view. Each submission should show a small thumbnail of the design and the user's nickname, but only if that user has submitted the art for consideration. we already have a SubmissionThumbnail which we can reuse for this (we may have to) slightly modify it to show the nickname. Clicking on a submission should bring up the SubmissionDetailPage for that submission.
- If they choose to submit art for the daily competition, then after showing them the "thanks for voting modal", and this should inform them that they can see the "wall of the day's submissions" (after they've submitted something themselves).
- you should be able to reach the wall of the day's submissions directly via a url like "/?view=wall-of-the-day&date=2026-01-08" which shows the wall for that date. If no date param is given, it defaults to today's date.
- this "wall of the day" view shows the current day's submissions per default, but there should also be a "show calender" button which brings up a calendar view similar to the "my submissions" and "winners" views, where the user can select a different date to view the wall of submissions for that date. We can reuse the existing calendar component for this, but for the thumbnail in each day cell we can't show an artwork thumbnail since there are multiple submissions per day - instead it would be nice to show the shapes and colours used that day. Clicking on a day in the calendar brings up the wall of submissions for that day. There will be a next/previous buttons to navigate between days when viewing the wall of submissions for a specific day. Clicking on any submission from the wall brings up the SubmissionDetailPage for that submission.

## Other User's Submissions
- other user's submission view: you should be able to go to another user's profile page (e.g. /?view=profile&user=USER_ID) and see their past submissions in a calendar view similar to your own submissions view. clicking on one of their submissions should bring up the SubmissionDetailPage for that submission, but in this case it should show the user's nickname at the top, and only have the "copy share link" button (no download buttons). there should be next/previous buttons to navigate between that user's submissions. You should only be able to see submissions for challenges which they have submitted art for consideration - if they only saved the art to their profile without submitting it for the challenge, those submissions should not be visible to other users (we can show the message "no art submitted", or something).
- You should also be able to reach another user's submission view from the "single submission view" of a winner's submission: their nickname is shown at the top (this already exists), and clicking on the nickname should bring you to their profile page showing their past submissions calendar view.

## Friends (Follow System)
- implement a one-way follow system (like Twitter/X) where users can follow other artists. Following is instant - no acceptance required.
- under the "Submissions" button in the toolbar, add a new button called "Friends" which brings up a modal showing the user's following/followers lists, with options to follow/unfollow. There should be a search bar to find other users by nickname to follow.
- on a user's pages (e.g. their calendar view or individual submission view), show a "Follow" button if you're not following yet, or "Following" button (which shows "Unfollow" on hover) if you are following.
- on the main app page, in the submissions modal, add a fourth tab/view called "Friends' Submissions" which shows a feed of recent submissions from the user's friends. It should work like the "wall of the day", meaning that the default view show the current day's submissions from all your friends, with back/next buttons to take you to the previous/next day, and a "calendar" button which shows a calendar. When you click on a day cell it will open the same view as the default view, for that day, i.e. showing all the submissions from your friends for that day. Clicking on a submission should bring up the SubmissionDetailPage for that submission.